it's estimated that 80 million Americans
have diabetes or a pre-diabetic in the
african-american community the numbers
are far more severe one in seven are
diabetic and of those forty percent will
die of complications related to diabetes
to me these numbers are far more than
statistics both my parents are insulin
dependent diabetic and go through weekly
dialysis my name is Kevin William Hughes
and for most of my life I've been fairly
in high school I was able to participate
in sports and go to college and eat
whatever I wanted to went to grad school
and never have any issues with my weight
and then I entered the workforce and
slowly but surely my bad eating habits
caught up with 10 pounds packed on 15
pounds packed on another 25 35 extra
pounds eventually I belong to 250 pounds
working downtown I decided to join the
Ketchum downtown YMCA there i started my
fitness regimen
they use the track even tried the
elliptical and the Trenton slowly but
surely I lost five pounds here
but nothing seemed to really work then
one of the instructors kind of corralled
me into his class and there I started my
own little routine another 10 pounds
came up
with the help of the Wellness Coaches
here I was able to two injured more
classes and in a 15 pounds table and I
started to get back to where I used to
be then I thought I was ready for some
other type of challenge so I decided to
try the stair climb for Los Angeles and
there I met a community of people
committed to one goal going through the
weekly trainings each week I found the
little victories that we were able to
have a person started off by reaching
the first floor then they reach the 15th
the 45th floor the 60th lou and finally
when the event came we were able to make
it to the time i was able to complete
the stair climb in 14 minutes and 15
seconds after that it was time for
another challenge for me so I decided to
run America I did dl a miracle and then
after that I did to Pasadena merica the
stair climb for Los Angeles helped
transition me to a different level of
fitness and this September I think it's
time for you to accept the challenge
like I do